[docs] update raspbianos installation guide (#9728)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/raspbian-classification-sample.md

# Build and Run Image Classification Sample {#raspbian_classification_sample}

@sphinxdirective

.. _raspbian classification sample:

@endsphinxdirective

Follow the next steps to use the pre-trained image classification model using Inference Engine samples from the OpenVINO toolkit.

1. Navigate to a directory that you have write access to and create a samples build directory. This example uses a directory named `build`:
   ```sh
   mkdir build && cd build
   ```

> 2. Build the Hello Classification Sample:
>    ```sh
>    cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=armv7-a" /opt/intel/openvino_2022/samples/cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download samples source code from https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/cpp
3. Build the Hello Classification Sample:
   ```sh
   cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=armv7-a" /path/to/samples/cpp
```

> 2. Build the Hello Classification Sample:
>    ```sh
>    cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=armv7-a" /opt/intel/openvino_2022/samples/cpp
>    ```
>    ```sh
>    make -j2 hello_classification
>    ```
> 3. Download the pre-trained squeezenet1.1 image classification model with the Model Downloader or copy it from the host machine:
>    ```sh
>    git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo
>    cd open_model_zoo/tools/model_tools
>    python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
>    python3 -m pip install -r requirements.in
>    python3 downloader.py --name squeezenet1.1 
>    ```
> 4. Run the sample specifying the model, a path to the input image, and the VPU required to run with the Raspbian* OS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download samples source code from https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/cpp
3. Build the Hello Classification Sample:
   ```sh
   cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-march=armv7-a" /path/to/samples/cpp
   ```
   ```sh
   make -j2 hello_classification
   ```
4. Download the pre-trained squeezenet1.1 image classification model with the Model Downloader or copy it from the host machine:
   ```sh
   git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo
   cd open_model_zoo/tools/model_tools
   python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip
   python3 -m pip install -r requirements.in
   python3 downloader.py --name squeezenet1.1 
   ```
5. Run the sample specifying the model, a path to the input image, and the VPU required to run with the Raspbian* OS:
```
